Fetch metrics for multiple databases (#88)
sensu-plugins/sensu-plugins-postgres: CHANGELOG.md

This CHANGELOG follows the format listed [here](https://github.com/sensu-plugins/community/blob/master/HOW_WE_CHANGELOG.md).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Option `database (-d, --db)` for metrics now supports semicolon separated list of databases to fetch metrics of multiple databases at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On `bin/metric-*`: option `database (-d, --db)` now supports semicolon separated list of databases to fetch metrics of multiple databases at once.
```

### Breaking Changes

> - If no `database (-d, --db)` argument is supplied for the metric bins through the command line now metrics for all databases are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On `bin/metric-*`: if no `database (-d, --db)` argument is supplied through the command line now metrics for all databases are returned.
```
